Wife
How did you know about my schooling?
In fact, before we met
I've already investigated you clearly.
I already know you thoroughly
Besides, this is a marriage contract made by grandpa himself
If I don't recognize you as a person
Why would I marry you?
Then I'm in front of you
I became transparent.
Am I not at a disadvantage?
Let's see if you still dare to seduce me secretly in the future
Little girl husband, let's go
No, I don't.
Brother, please drink this medicine
I've changed 10 doctors for you
They all said they said your legs will never get better
Ahhh
Lord Qianshan, answer the phone
He said to go on errands
I've been out of love for days
What am I nervous about?
The man on his shoulders has his own decisions
He must have more important things to attend to
Man
Send Shangguan's family an invitation to the triumphant banquet
Yes, Miss.
Shangguan Linglong
Dai Wei Temple still has thousands of good night winds
None of you can escape
I swear by Guan Qianqian
I will definitely get justice for my brother